cloud: add the release note for TiDB-X-CLOUD.202510.1 (#23147)
pingcap/docs: tidb-cloud/releases/tidb-x-cloud.202510.1.md

    - **Accelerated scaling**: Improving scaling performance by up to 10x by eliminating the need for physical data migration.
    - **Task isolation**: Ensuring zero interference between background maintenance tasks (such as compaction) and online transactional traffic.
    - **Resource elasticity**: Implementing a true "pay-as-you-go" model where compute resources scale independently of storage volume.

    For more information, see [TiDB X Architecture](/tidb-cloud/tidb-x-architecture.md).

## Performance features

* Support redistributing data of a specific table (experimental) [#63260](https://github.com/pingcap/tidb/issues/63260) @[bufferflies](https://github.com/bufferflies)

    PD automatically schedules data to be distributed as evenly as possible across all TiKV nodes in a cluster. However, this automatic scheduling focuses on the cluster as a whole. In some cases, even if the cluster-wide data distribution is balanced, the data of a specific table might still be unevenly distributed across TiKV nodes.

>     Starting from v8.5.4, you can use the [`SHOW TABLE DISTRIBUTION`](https://docs.pingcap.com/tidb/v8.5/sql-statement-show-table-distribution/) statement to check how the data of a specific table is distributed across all TiKV nodes. If the data distribution is unbalanced, you can use the [`DISTRIBUTE TABLE`](https://docs.pingcap.com/tidb/v8.5/sql-statement-distribute-table) statement to redistribute the table's data (experimental) to improve load balancing.

Author: ```suggestion
   Now you can use the [`SHOW TABLE DISTRIBUTION`](https://docs.pingcap.com/tidb/v8.5/sql-statement-show-table-distribution/) statement to check how the data of a specific table is distributed across all TiKV nodes. If the data distribution is unbalanced, you can use the [`DISTRIBUTE TABLE`](https://docs.pingcap.com/tidb/v8.5/sql-statement-distribute-table) statement to redistribute the table's data (experimental) to improve load balancing.
```

    New fields in [statement summary tables](/statement-summary-tables.md):

    * `STORAGE_KV`: `1` indicates that the SQL statement accesses TiKV.
    * `STORAGE_MPP`: `1` indicates that the SQL statement accesses TiFlash.

    New fields in [slow query logs](/identify-slow-queries.md):

    * `Storage_from_kv`: `true` indicates that the SQL statement accesses TiKV.
    * `Storage_from_mpp`: `true` indicates that the SQL statement accesses TiFlash.

    This feature simplifies workflows in certain diagnostics and performance optimization scenarios and improves issue identification efficiency.

    For more information, see [Statement Summary Tables](/statement-summary-tables.md) and [Identify Slow Queries](/identify-slow-queries.md).

## Limitations

> Because of the architectural differences between TiDB X and classic TiDB, the `TiDB-X-CLOUD.202510.1` kernel does not support the following storage features of the TiDB v8.5.0 kernel:

Author: ```suggestion
Because of the architectural differences between TiDB X and classic TiDB, the TiDB X kernel does not support the following storage features of the classic TiDB kernel:
```

> 

Reviewer: Because of the architectural differences between TiDB X and classic TiDB, the `TiDB-X-CLOUD.202510.1` kernel does not support the following storage features

Reviewer: I think it doesn't need to specify the tidb kernel version v8.5.0 for tikv.
